Fix mention of MSTest ordering tests (#42297)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/testing/order-unit-tests.md

## Order alphabetically

> MSTest discovers tests in the same order in which they are defined in the test class. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MSTest discovers tests in the same order in which they are defined in the test class.
```

## Order alphabetically

> With MSTest, tests are automatically ordered by their test name under Test Explorer (Visual Studio or Visual Studio Code). No special ordering is applied when running tests outside of Test Explorer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MSTest discovers tests in the same order in which they are defined in the test class. 

When running through Test Explorer (in Visual Studio, or in Visual Studio Code), the tests are ordered in alphabetical order based on their test name.

When running outside of Test Explorer, tests are executed in the order in which they are defined in the test class.
```
